#!/bin/bah
Change window manager

I chanaged my window manager to Window Maker. Window Maker is an X11 
window manager originally designed to provide integration support for 
the GNUstep Desktop Environment. The reason why I chose this window 
manager linux becuase I using window as my desktop instead of liunx. I 
dowaland the latest version which is 0.95.8, relaesed on 11.03.2017. 
When the installtion is finished it, I click on and it brought me to 
view download-internet explorer. In the action section,I clicked saved 
and then open. This brought me to the internet explorer page. That's how 
I changed my window manager.
Compiled iPXE
I compiled iPXE on the USB for the compiler on chapter 15. There are 
many obstaces that I ran to while trying to install this. First I went 
to ipxe's website to install the version of it without reading the 
instruction. That is the biggest mistake I made. I went back to the 
website and read the instruction. The first step I have to do is clone 
the ipxe's website while using the terminal and then install the 
packages in order to build iPXE. However, I still couldn't figure it 
out. I went to asked Pavel for help, since he did the same thing. He 
told me to go look at his report on this. While looking at his report 
and try to configured, I still cannot do it. Some steps in the report 
were unclear. During class, I asked for his help. With his helps, I be 
able configure it. However, I got to start everything all over again. 
Configured this at home by myself. I used Pavel's report to guide me 
through the process. With liblzma, I realzed that in the first place I 
configure it wrong while looked the report. I used pavel's solution for 
it and it work. The second error I did was I forgot to turn the 
https(port 443) on in ipxe/src/config. The last part of it was the guide 
the ipxe to my home directory for me to be able install it on my USB. I 
went to ipxe/src/bin and copied "ipxe.iso". I drag that to the USB on 
rufus.
